README.md, before:

<!-- for main -->

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-%23007ec6)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.tegonal.minimalist/minimalist/1.1.0)
[![EUPL 1.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9A%96-EUPL%201.2-%230b45a6)](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12 "License")
[![Quality Assurance](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/actions/workflows/quality-assurance.yml/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/actions/workflows/quality-assurance.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Newcomers Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%8B-Newcomers%20Welcome-blueviolet)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22 "Ask in discussions for help")

<!-- for main end -->
<!-- for release -->
<!--
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-%23007ec6)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.tegonal.minimalist/minimalist/1.1.0)
[![EUPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9A%96-EUPL%201.2-%230b45a6)](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12 "License")
[![Newcomers Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%8B-Newcomers%20Welcome-blueviolet)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22 "Ask in discussions for help")
-->
<!-- for release end -->



# Minimalist

![Minimalist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tegonal/minimalist/main/.idea/icon.png) M like Minimalist, 
a library which helps you in setting up parameterized tests and prioritise them in case you don't have enough time 
to execute all of them.

Although it might resemble a property based testing library, its focus is on tests that take longer 
(integration, e2e and system integration tests) and is more data-driven oriented.


---
❗ You are taking a *sneak peek* at the next version. It could be that some features you find on this page are not released yet.  
Please have a look at the README of the corresponding release/git tag. Latest version: [README of v1.1.0](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/tree/main/README.md).

---

**Table of Content**
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Code Documentation](#code-documentation)
- [License](#license)


# Installation

Minimalist is published to maven central.

*build.gradle.kts*:
```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
    testImplementation("com.tegonal.minimalist:minimalist:1.1.0")
}
```

# Code Documentation

Code documentation can be found on github-pages: <https://tegonal.github.io/minimalist/latest#/kdoc>.

# License

Minimalist is licensed under [European Union Public Licence 1.2](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12).

Minimalist is using
- [junit-jupiter-params/junit-platform-commons](https://github.com/junit-team/junit5) licensed under [EPL 2.0](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html)
- [KBox](https://github.com/robstoll/kbox) licensed under [Apache 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache2.0)

Commit message:

introduce a seedOffset for ArbArgsGenerator and its generate
and use it in combine and combineDependent. Moreover, introduce
GeneratorExtensionPoint as super-type of Arb/OrderedExtensionPoint and
add an arb and ordered val where arb increments seedOffset.
This way we get more random results. Before this change something like:
arb.int().combine(arb.int()) yielded always the same two numbers as pair
as both arb.int() where based on the same seed. With this approach we
stay reproducible (the first arb uses seed, the second seed + 1)

moreover:
- introduce a CoreArbArgsGenerator which hides seedBaseOffset from the
  usual user
- introduce arb.intPositive/longPositive
- fix that a seed + some offset could overflow by allowing the overflow
  but use the absolute value to stay in range 0 .. Int.MAX_VALUE for
  the offset
  - due to this there is no need to constrain MinimalistConfig.seed to
    be positive
- fail if ArgsRange.offset is negative, fail if take is not positive
- remove Ordered/ArbExtensionPoint from ComponentFactoryContainer,
  always use DefaultOrdered/ArbExtensionPoint. I don't see a reason why
  one would want to exchange them and we would need to take it into
  account in all places we create them

README.md, after:

<!-- for main -->

[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-%23007ec6)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.tegonal.minimalist/minimalist/1.1.0)
[![EUPL 1.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9A%96-EUPL%201.2-%230b45a6)](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12 "License")
[![Quality Assurance](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/actions/workflows/quality-assurance.yml/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/actions/workflows/quality-assurance.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Newcomers Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%8B-Newcomers%20Welcome-blueviolet)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22 "Ask in discussions for help")

<!-- for main end -->
<!-- for release -->
<!--
[![Download](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-v1.1.0-%23007ec6)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.tegonal.minimalist/minimalist/1.1.0)
[![EUPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9A%96-EUPL%201.2-%230b45a6)](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12 "License")
[![Newcomers Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%8B-Newcomers%20Welcome-blueviolet)](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22 "Ask in discussions for help")
-->
<!-- for release end -->

# Minimalist

![Minimalist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tegonal/minimalist/main/.idea/icon.png) M like Minimalist,
a library which helps you in setting up parameterized tests and prioritise them in case you don't have enough time
to execute all of them.

Although it might resemble a property based testing library, its focus is on tests that take longer
(integration, e2e and system integration tests) and is more data-driven oriented.


---
❗ You are taking a *sneak peek* at the next version. It could be that some features you find on this page are not
released yet.  
Please have a look at the README of the corresponding release/git tag. Latest
version: [README of v1.1.0](https://github.com/tegonal/minimalist/tree/main/README.md).

---

**Table of Content**

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Code Documentation](#code-documentation)
- [License](#license)

# Installation

Minimalist is published to maven central.

*build.gradle.kts*:

```kotlin
repositories {
	mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
	testImplementation("com.tegonal.minimalist:minimalist:1.1.0")
}
```

Minimum requirements:
- Kotlin: 1.9
- JDK: 11

# Code Documentation

Code documentation can be found on github-pages: <https://tegonal.github.io/minimalist/latest#/kdoc>.

# License

Minimalist is licensed
under [European Union Public Licence 1.2](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12).

Minimalist is using

- [junit-jupiter-params/junit-platform-commons](https://github.com/junit-team/junit5) licensed
  under [EPL 2.0](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html)
- [KBox](https://github.com/robstoll/kbox) licensed under [Apache 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache2.0)
- Copied some classes and interfaces from [Atrium](https://atriumlib.org) licensed
  under [EUPL 1.2](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12).
